ENGDOCS-1062 (#16468)
docker/docs: compose/extends.md

Compose supports two methods of sharing common configuration:

1. Extend an entire Compose file by
   [using multiple Compose files](extends.md#multiple-compose-files)

> 2. Extend individual services with [the `extends` field](extends.md#extending-services) (for Compose file versions up to 2.1)

Reviewer: Maybe we could clarify that this option is no longer valid. Not sure I succeded but you catch my drift.

```suggestion
2. Extend individual services with [the `extends` field](extends.md#extending-services). This option is only usable in older Compose file versions, up to version 2.1.
```

Author: Oo actually this is wrong. It's available in the current spec as well. Have fixed

> 2. Extend individual services with [the `extends` field](extends.md#extending-services) (for Compose file versions up to 2.1)

Author: ```suggestion
2. Extend individual services with [the `extends` field](extends.md#extending-services)
```
